Update `serve` port flag and add example (#6229)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/deployment.md

serve -s build
```

> The last command shown above will serve your static site on the port **5000**. Like many of [serve](https://github.com/zeit/serve)’s internal settings, the port can be adjusted using the `-l` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last command shown above will serve your static site on the port **5000**. Like many of [serve](https://github.com/zeit/serve)’s internal settings, the port can be adjusted using the `-l` or `--listen` flags:
```

Author: Nice catch! Added `--listen` flag
